## Layout

#### Top Bar

The header has two main parts, the “Brand” or the logo section and the menu
items. These menu items can directly link to Web Pages or the Blogs page or
Products page. The standard Website header bar is with black background.

#### Background

The website is generated using a standard width of 900 pixels and has a page
“effect”. You can set a background color or image to enhance the effect of the
page.

#### Content

The inner content of your pages has a width of 800px and if it is a two-column
layout like Blog, it will have a width of 540 px.

#### Footer

The footer section contains a list of links (this is where you typically put
links like “Contact Us”, “Terms and Conditions”,etc) and the name of your
company.

## Defining Menus and Home Page

To define the Top Bar Menus, Brand, Footers and Home Page, go to:

> Website > Website Settings

#### Step 1: Landing Page Details

![Website Setting](/assets/manual_erpnext_com/old_images/erpnext/website-settings.png)

  
#### Step 2: Banner Details

![Website Setting](/assets/manual_erpnext_com/old_images/erpnext/website-settings-1.png)

  
#### Step 3: Top Bar Labels

![Website Setting](/assets/manual_erpnext_com/old_images/erpnext/website-settings-2.png)

> Note 1: Create seperate web pages which will be linked to the main web-icons
like company, contact, products etc.


> Note 2: A menu item cannot be linked to a page and also be a parent.


> For example, if you click on About button, it will show a drop-down list,
whose items will be clickable. There will be no page on About. About will not
open into a page. It is only a button. The drop-down list menu will be
clickable and open into new pages.


#### Step 4: Footer Details  

![Website Setting](/assets/manual_erpnext_com/old_images/erpnext/website-settings-3.png)

A website can be generated once all the settings and style requirements are
added.

A sample website generated by ERPNext would look like this.

![Website](/assets/manual_erpnext_com/old_images/erpnext/website-settings-4.png)

  
#### Top Menu

Add each top menu item on a new link. In the label column, add the label of
the item. In the URL column, enter the name of the page or a full URL. If you
want a new Web Page to open, just put the “Page Name” + “.html”. (URL is
simply a web address like “http://google.com”)

Similarly you can also set the Footer section to contain links. If you want to
have links appear as a drop-down under another link, just add the name of the
parent menu in “Parent Label”.

#### Brand

To set your brand, create a logo with a transparent background and white
foreground of roughly height 24px and length of 150px, attach it to the
Website Settings page, and add it in your Brand section as an image as
follows:

* * *

#### What is Website Analytics?

Website analytics helps you to track each visitor on your website. The
analytics will tell you from which country, at what time, and which pages the
visitor viewed. This will help you understand who your visitors are and what
they are looking for. There are many analytics engines available and the most
popular and Free service is Google Analytics. We definitely recommend using
one of them to gain insight into your website visitors.

{next}
